Update Puppet guide for OpenVox (#4766)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-host-during-provisioning.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-host-during-provisioning"]
= Configuring OpenVox agent on a host during provisioning

[role="_abstract"]

> If you prefer to install and configure the OpenVox agent on a {Project} host during the provisioning process, add the `puppet_setup` snippet to your provisioning template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to install and configure the OpenVox agent on a host during the provisioning process, add the `puppet_setup` snippet to your provisioning template.
```

Reviewer 2: The `puppet_setup` snippet is part of our default provisioning templates and I'm assuming that most users do that. IMHO it's really a small implementation detail and does that belong in the abstract?

I really like the old text more
```suggestion
You can install and configure an OpenVox agent on a host during the provisioning process.
```

Author: Unfortunately, the old text doesn't meet the requirements for abstracts. The purpose of extending it with the additional information is to distinguish it from the other -- alternative -- procedures. I'm updating it from `{Project} hosts` to `hosts registered to {Project}`.

> If you prefer to install and configure the OpenVox agent on a host registered to {Project} during the provisioning process, add the `puppet_setup` snippet to your provisioning template.

Reviewer: sorry if I suggested exactly that, but now I would want to reword it again 🙈 

```suggestion
If you prefer to install and configure the OpenVox agent on a host during the provisioning process through {Project}, add the `puppet_setup` snippet to your provisioning template.
```

Alternative: drop "through {Project}".

I think that it does not make sense to call a host "registered" if we're talking about provisioning a (new) host.

Author: To comply with the guidelines I mentioned elsewhere (to mention important keywords in the heading or the abstract), let's use the version with `through {Project}`. Thanks for the suggestion!

* Add a host parameter named `enable-official-puppet8-repo` for the Puppet 8 release repository.

+
Select the *boolean* type and set the value to `true`.
endif::[]
. Set configuration for the OpenVox agent.
* If you use an integrated OpenVox server, ensure that you select a Puppet {SmartProxy}, Puppet CA {SmartProxy}, and Puppet environment when you create a host.
* If you use a non-integrated OpenVox server, either set the following host parameters in global parameters, or a host group, or when you create a host:
** Add a host parameter named `puppet_server`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the hostname of your OpenVox server, such as `openvox.example.com`.
** Optional: Add a host parameter named `puppet_ca_server`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the hostname of your Puppet CA server, such as `puppet-ca.example.com`.
If `puppet_ca_server` is not set, the OpenVox agent will use the same server as `puppet_server`.
** Optional: Add a host parameter named `puppet_environment`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the Puppet environment you want the host to use.
ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]

> . Ensure your host has access to the OpenVox agent packages from {ProjectServer} by using an appropriate activation key.

Reviewer 2: Pre-existing issue: this really duplicates the prerequisite

Author: While possibly true, I can't commit to fixing non-critical pre-existing issues at this stage.

+
Select the *boolean* type and set the value to `true`.
endif::[]
. Set configuration for the OpenVox agent.
* If you use an integrated OpenVox server, ensure that you select a Puppet {SmartProxy}, Puppet CA {SmartProxy}, and Puppet environment when you create a host.
* If you use a non-integrated OpenVox server, either set the following host parameters in global parameters, or a host group, or when you create a host:

> ** Add a host parameter named `puppet_server`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the hostname of your OpenVox server, such as `openvox.example.com`.

Author: Is this a strictly defined parameter that should still be called `puppet_server`? Or should we change it to `openvox_server`?

Reviewer 2: The code now uses `puppet_server` (https://github.com/theforeman/foreman/blob/84f6d68fa9d2ad0edf008567d8bd13e7976ed57b/app/services/foreman/renderer/scope/macros/host_template.rb#L55-L61) so renaming this is a non-trivial effort.

Author: Okay, the way I interpret this is that we're sticking to `puppet_server` here and elsewhere.
